## Details
File size is taken into account to group for archive. To create archive if combined file size greater than specified size it will be split up to new archive. As stated a file size can be larger than specified size even after archive hence file size is taken in to account for archiving to avoid overflow.


`sample` folder structure given, its compression is in folder `output` and decompression is in folder `decompress`

 delete `output` and `decompress` folder and run to see the output of program to use provided sample folder.

## Compression
- Each Folder is created as a separate archive
- Each Archive is split by total file size if exceeding the given size.
- Each Folder is archived in a separate `Future`. hence compression is done in parallel and per folder level.
- Empty folders are not added to archive, this is a design decision similar to how git avoids.

## Decompression
- Each folder is restored as per archive structure
- Each archive is decompressed in a separate `Future`. hence decompression is done in parallel and per archive level.

____________


### To execute

Requirements

* `Scala` : `2.12.7`
* `sbt` : `1.2.3`


When compression is needed, the program takes 3 parameters:

1.Path to Input directory. This directory will contain some files and folders.

2.Path to Output directory. This is where the program should write the compressed files to.

3.Maximum compressed size per file expressed in MB.
 ### To run compression
 > `sbt "run <path to input directory> <path to output directory> <size in MBs>"`

 > `sbt "run /c/usr/code/archiver/sample /c/usr/code/archiver/output 2"`

When decompression is needed, the program takes 2 parameters:

1.Path to Input directory. This directory contains the compressed files that were generated by the same program.

2.Path to Output directory. This is where the program should put the decompressed files & folders.
### To run decompression
 > `sbt "run <path to input directory> <path to output directory>"`

 > `sbt "run /c/usr/code/archiver/output /c/usr/code/archiver/decompress"`
